feature/33: Added conditional upload (#34)
exasol/bucketfs-java: doc/user_guide/user_guide.md

In this case the `Bucket` treats the destination path in the bucket as if you wrote `jars/virtual-schemas-3.0.1.jar`.

### Uploading Large File Only if Necessary

> Uploading large files can be slow. To avoid that slowing down your tests, BFSJ can check if the file already exists in the same location on BucketFS and compare checksums. It will then only upload the file if the checksums differ. Since comparing the checksums also takes some time BFSJ only compares checksums for files larger than 1 MB. Smaller files it always uploads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading large files can be slow. To avoid that slowing down your tests, BFSJ can check if the file already exists in the same location on BucketFS and compare checksums. It will then only upload the file if the checksums differ. Since comparing the checksums also takes some time BFSJ only compares checksums for files larger than 1 MB. IF a file is smaller, BFSJ uploads it regardless of whether it already existed.
```
